refactor: remove support for updating application Id (#2585)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: website/src/content/api-reference/cli.mdx

If a new Custom Application needs to be created, an interactive prompt will ask the user to select the Organization where the Custom Application should be configured to.

> Additionally, after creating a Custom Application using the `config:sync` command, you should add the [Custom Application ID](/api-reference/application-config#envproductionapplicationid) generated to the application config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, after creating a new Custom Application using the `config:sync` command, you must add the generated [Custom Application ID](/api-reference/application-config#envproductionapplicationid) to the application config file, following the instructions in the terminal.
```
